proposal of 'allow listing' as an inclusive alternative to 'whitelisting' (#956)
vuejs/docs-next: src/guide/migration/custom-elements-interop.md

## Overview

> - **BREAKING:** Custom elements allow listing is now performed during template compilation, and should be configured via compiler options instead of runtime config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **BREAKING:** The checks to determine whether tags should be treated as custom elements are now performed during template compilation, and should be configured via compiler options instead of runtime config.
```

### 2.x Syntax

> In Vue 2.x, allow listing tags as custom elements was done via `Vue.config.ignoredElements`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Vue 2.x, configuring tags as custom elements was done via `Vue.config.ignoredElements`:
```
